README.md, before:

# WiFi-FTP

### [+] Description :
***WiFi-FTP is a tool to create a simple ftp server in local network. Anyone under same wifi/router can read/write/modify the folder you shared.***


### [-] Installation

```apt install python3 python3-pip -y```

```pip3 install pyftpdlib --break-system-packages```

```git clone https://github.com/KasRoudra/WiFiFTP```

```cd WiFiFTP```

```python3 wififtp.py```

### Pip
 - `pip3 install wififtp` [For Termux]
 - `sudo pip3 install wififtp  --break-system-packages` [For Linux]
 - `wififtp`

### [*] Features
 - You can customize both port and shared folder. Without change, default port will be 2121 and default folder will be the folder from which the file is executed!
 - Now WiFi-FTP also support arguments 

### [~] Options
```
usage: wififtp.py [-h] [-p PORT] [-d DIRECTORY] [-u USERNAME] [-k PASSWORD]
                  [-v]

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -p PORT, --port PORT  WiFiFTP's server port [Default: 2121]
  -d DIRECTORY, --directory DIRECTORY
                        Directory where server will start [Default: ~/wififtp]
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        FTP Username [Default: None]
  -k PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        FTP Password [Default: None]
  -v, --version         Prints version of WiFiFTP

```
## [+] Caution:

### You must need "Python" installed in your operating system. If you use firewall you also have to enable python from "Windows Firewall". If you can't enable python from firewall, you may need to disable firewall while using ftp!
### Your sharing link will be like "ftp://192.168.0.105:2121". Make sure you are connected to same router/Wi-Fi to access folder from other device!
## [+] Screenshot:
![preview](https://github.com/KasRoudra/wififtp/raw/main/ss.jpg)

## [~] Find Me on :

- [![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-KasRoudra-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/KasRoudra)

- [![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-KasRoudra-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:kasroudrakrd@gmail.com)

- [![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-KasRoudra-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook)](https://facebook.com/KasRoudra)

- [![Messenger](https://img.shields.io/badge/Messenger-KasRoudra-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=messenger)](https://m.me/KasRoudra)

- [![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-KasRoudra-indigo?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram)](https://t.me/KasRoudra)

Commit message:

Open Source Contribution
Imports and Dependency Handling:

Moved pyftpdlib imports inside a function to delay the import until necessary.
Added an installation function to handle pyftpdlib dependency automatically.
Logging:

Replaced print statements with logging for better control and verbosity.
TLS/SSL Support:

Added an option to enable secure FTP using TLS/SSL. This requires a valid certificate.
Enhanced User Input Handling:

Improved the get_path and get_port functions for more robust user input validation.
General Code Optimization:

Simplified some repetitive patterns and used dictionary-based color management.

README.md, after:

# WiFi-FTP (Wifi File Transfer Protocol)

### [+] Description :
***WiFi-FTP is a tool to create a simple ftp server in local network. Anyone under same wifi/router can read/write/modify the folder you shared.***

# Real Life Example : Suppose ypu want to transfer a file from mobile to the laptop or a vice versa without any physical connection, then you can use ftp, it means you just have to connect with the same wifi network, then switch on the wifi ftp server (you can get an app on playstore) on mobile and enable network location in your laptop and once connected you can share any file wirelessly and faster#

### [-] Installation

```apt install python3 python3-pip -y```

```pip3 install pyftpdlib --break-system-packages```

```git clone https://github.com/KasRoudra/WiFiFTP```

```cd WiFiFTP```

```python3 wififtp.py```

### Pip
 - `pip3 install wififtp` [For Termux]
 - `sudo pip3 install wififtp  --break-system-packages` [For Linux]
 - `wififtp`

### [*] Features
 - You can customize both port and shared folder. Without change, default port will be 2121 and default folder will be the folder from which the file is executed!
 - Now WiFi-FTP also support arguments 

### [~] Options
```
usage: wififtp.py [-h] [-p PORT] [-d DIRECTORY] [-u USERNAME] [-k PASSWORD]
                  [-v]

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -p PORT, --port PORT  WiFiFTP's server port [Default: 2121]
  -d DIRECTORY, --directory DIRECTORY
                        Directory where server will start [Default: ~/wififtp]
  -u USERNAME, --username USERNAME
                        FTP Username [Default: None]
  -k PASSWORD, --password PASSWORD
                        FTP Password [Default: None]
  -v, --version         Prints version of WiFiFTP

```
## [+] Caution:

### You must need "Python" installed in your operating system. If you use firewall you also have to enable python from "Windows Firewall". If you can't enable python from firewall, you may need to disable firewall while using ftp!
### Your sharing link will be like "ftp://192.168.0.105:2121". Make sure you are connected to same router/Wi-Fi to access folder from other device!
## [+] Screenshot:
![preview](https://github.com/KasRoudra/wififtp/raw/main/ss.jpg)

## [~] Find Me on :

- [![Github](https://img.shields.io/badge/Github-KasRoudra-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=github)](https://github.com/KasRoudra)

- [![Gmail](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-KasRoudra-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail)](mailto:kasroudrakrd@gmail.com)

- [![Facebook](https://img.shields.io/badge/Facebook-KasRoudra-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=facebook)](https://facebook.com/KasRoudra)

- [![Messenger](https://img.shields.io/badge/Messenger-KasRoudra-green?style=for-the-badge&logo=messenger)](https://m.me/KasRoudra)

- [![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-KasRoudra-indigo?style=for-the-badge&logo=telegram)](https://t.me/KasRoudra)
